Code Generator GUI

3 Tabs - Character, Class, Items

1. Character Tab:
    First Section - Character Select
        This will have a single drop down list of character names that will be provided.
    Second Section - Items
        This will have 7 rows of data and a header row.
            Header row - [Items, Uses, Equip, MT, Hit, WT, Crit]
                Items column will be a drop down list
                The rest of the columns will be small text boxes that will take 3 digits.
    Bottom Section - Generate Button
        This section will have a button that will take all the values inputted in the GUI. 
            The Character Select will be a single string
            The items section can be saved as a list array or json format. whichever is easier.
            These saved items will be used later in the code for references to json listings

2. Class Tab
    First Section - Class Select
        This section will have a single drop down list of classes that will be provided.
    Second Section - Weapon Ranks
        This section will contain 12 small drop down lists.
            Headers for each list - [Sword Rank, Lance Rank, Axe Rank, Bow Rank, Knife Rank, Strike Rank, Fire Rank, Thunder Rank, Wind Rank, Light Rank, Dark Rank, Staff Rank]
            Each list can take values [SS, S, A, B, C, D, E]
    Third Section - Stats
        This section will contain 11 small text boxes that can take in 3 digits.
        Headers for each text box - [Base WT, Base Move, Skill Capacity, Max HP, Max STR, Max MAG, Max SKL, Max SP, Max LCK, Max DEF, Max RES]
    Bottom Section - Generate Button
        This section will have a button that will take all the values inputted in the GUI. 
            The Class Select will be a single string
            The Weapon Ranks section can be saved as a list
            The Stats section can be saved as a list
            These saved items will be used later in the code for references to json listings

3. Items Tab
    First Section - Item Select
        This section will have a single drop down list of items that will be provided.
    Second Section - Misc Weapon Data
        This section will contain [Attack Type, Weapon Rank, EXP Gain, Lock, Infinite, Heal, CharLock, Brave]
            Attack type will be a drop down list to select either STR or MAG
            Weapon Rank will be a drop down list that can take values [SS, S, A, B, C, D, E]
            EXP Gain will be a text box that can take in 3 values.
            Lock will be a radial box that will return True or False
            CharLock will be a radial box that will return True or False
            Infinite will be a radial box that will return True or False
            Brave will be a radial box that will return True or False
            Heal will be a radial box that will return True or False
    Third Section - Equip Bonuses
        This section will contain 10 text boxes that can take in 3 digit values.
            The header of each box will be [HP Increase, STR Increase, MAG Increase, SKL Increase, SP Increase, LCK Increase, DEF Increase, RES Increase, Move Increase, CN/WT Increase]
    Bottom Section - Generate Button
        This section will have a button that will take all the values inputted in the GUI. 
            The Item Select will be a single string
            The Misc Weapon Data section can be saved as a list
            The Equip Bonuses section can be saved as a list
            These saved items will be used later in the code for references to json listings